this lecture is about the Water
Association mining and analysis in this
lecture we're going to talk about how to
mine associations of words from text now
this is example of knowledge about the
natural remedy that we have mined from
text data here's the outline look at the
first talk about what is word
association and then explain why
discovering such relations is useful and
finally we're going to talk about some
general ideas about how to mind or
associations in general there are two
water relations and these are quite a
basic one is called a paralegal medical
relation the other is synthetic of
medical relation a and B have
paradigmatic of relation if they can be
substituted for each other
that means the two words that have
paradigmatic relation would be in the
same semantic class or syntactic class
and we can in general replace one by the
other without affecting the
understanding of the sentence that means
we would still have a valid sentence for
example cat and dog and these two words
have paradigmatic already because they
are in the same class of animal and in
general if you replace cat with dog in a
sentence the sentence would still be a
valid sentence that you can make sense
of similarly Monday and Tuesday have
diuretic medical relation the second the
kind of religion is called synthetic
medical relation in this case the two
words that have this relation can be
combined with each other so a and B
you have seen hack medical relation if
they can be combined with each other in
a sentence that means these two words
are semantically related so for example
cat and sit are related because a cat
can sit somewhere
similarly car and the drive are related
semantically and they can be combined
with each other to convey meaning
however in general we cannot replace cat
with sit in a sentence or car with Drive
in a sentence to still get a valid
sentence meaning that if we do that the
sentence will become somewhat
meaningless so this is different from
paradigmatic relation and these two
relations are in fact the so fundamental
that they can be generalized to capture
basically relations between units in
arbitrary sequences and definitely they
can be generalized to describe relations
of any items in language so a and B
don't have to be words and they can be
phrases example and they can even be
more complex phrases then just a noun
phrase if you think about the general
problem of the sequence mining then we
can think about the units in the
sequence data and then we will think of
parity chimerical relation as relations
that are applied to units that tend to
occur in similar locations in the
sentence or in in a sequence of there
are elements in general so they they
occur in similar locations relative to
the neighbors
the sequence syntek medical relation on
the other hand is related to
co-occurring elements that tend to show
up in the same sequence so these two are
complementary and are basically
relations of words and we're interested
in discovering them automatically from
text data discovering such water
relations has many applications first
such a relations can be directly useful
for improving accuracy of many and
healthy tasks and this is because this
is part of our knowledge about the
language so if you know these two words
or synonyms for example and then you can
help a lot of tasks and grammar can be
also done by using such techniques
because if we can learn paradigmatic
relations then we form classes of words
syntactic classes for example and if we
learn synthetic Medical relations then
we would be able to know the rules for
putting together a larger expression
based on component expressions so we
learn the structure and what can go with
what else water relations can be also
very useful for many applications in tax
retrieval and mining for example in
search in tax retrieval we can use word
associations to modify a query and this
can be used to introduce additional
related words to a query to make the
query more effective it's often called a
query expansion or you can use related
words will suggest related queries to
the user to explore the information
space another application is to use
water associations to automatically
construct the top of a map for browsing
well we can have words as nodes and
associations as edges a user could
navigate from one world to another
to find information in the information
space finally such water associations
can also be used to compare and
summarize opinions for example we might
be interested in understanding positive
and negative opinions about iPhone 6 in
order to do that we can look at the what
words are most strongly associated with
a Fiji water like a battery in positive
versus negative reviews such as
syntactical relations would help us show
the detail opinions about the product
so how can we discover such associations
automatically now here are some
intuitions about how to do that let's
first look at the peridot medical
relation here we said you they can take
advantage of similar contacts so here
you see some simple sentences about cat
and dog now you can see the general
occur in similar context and that after
all is the definition of paradigmatic
relation so on the right side you can
see I extracted explicitly the context
of cat and dog from this small sample of
text later so I have taken away cat and
dog from the corresponding sentences so
that you can see just the context now of
course we can have different
perspectives to look at the context for
example we can look at the what words
occur in the left part of this this
context so we can call this left context
what words occur before we see pet cat
or dog so you can see in this case
clearly dog and cat have similar left to
context you know you generally say his
cat or my cat and you say also my dog
and his dog so that makes them similar
in the left conducts similarly if you
look at the words that occur after cat
and dog with which we can call right
context and they are also very similar
in this case of course it's an extreme
case where you only see int and in
general you will see many other words of
course that can follow cat and dog
you can also even look at the general
context and that might include the oil
words in the sentence or in sentences
around this world and even in the
general context so you also see some
similarity between the two words
so this is just suggesting that we can
discover parody America religion by
looking at the similarity of context of
words so for example if we think about
the following question is how similar
context of cat and context of dog in
contrast houses our context of cat and
context of computer now intuitively
would imagine the context of Ted and the
context of dog would be more similar
than the contacts to K of death and
context of computer that means the first
in the first case the similarity barrier
would be high between the contexts of
cat and dog whereas in the second the
similarity between context of Ted and
computer would be low because they are
not having a parroting medical
relationship imagine what would occur
after computer in general there would be
very different from what would occur if
the cat so this is the basic idea for
discovering paradigmatically relation
what about the synthetic medical
relation well here we're going to
exploit the correlated occurrences again
based on the definition of cinematical
relation here you see the same sample of
text but here we are interested in
knowing what other words are correlated
with the verb eat and what word can go
with eat and if you look at the right
side of the slide and you see I've taken
away the two words around
I have taken over the world to its left
and also the work to its right in each
sentence and then we had asked the
question what was tend to occur to the
left of it and what was tend to occur to
the right of each now thinking about
this question would help us discover sin
a grammatical relations because sin hath
American relation essentially captures
such correlations so the important
question to ask her force in
mathematical relation is when ever eats
occurs what other words also tend to
occur so the question here has to do
with whether there are some other words
that tend to co-occur together with it
meaning that whenever you see it you
tend to see the other words and if you
don't see it properly you don't see
other words often either so this
intuition can help us discover
cinematical relations now again consider
example how helpful is the occurrence of
each for predicting occurrence of meet I
so knowing whether each occurs in a
sentence with generally help us predict
whether meet also occurs indeed and if
we will see each occurring in the
sentence and that should increase the
chance that meet with also occur in
contrast if you look at the question in
the bottom how helpful is that
occurrence of eats for predicting the
occurrence of text because each and the
text are not really related so knowing
whether each occurred in a sentence
doesn't really help us predict whether
text also occurs in the sentence so this
is in contrast to the question about
each and
meet this also help helps explain the
intuition behind the methods for
discovering synthetic medical relation
name a we need to capture the
correlation between the occurrences of
two worlds
so to summarize the general ideas for
discovering water associations are the
following for paradigmatically dish with
represent each word by the context and
then computed the context of similarity
we're going to assume the words that
have high context similarity to have
parroting back medical relation for
Signac medical relation we will count
how many times towards occurred together
in the context which can be a sentence a
paragraph or a document and we're going
to compare their occur co-occurrences
with their individual occurrences we
will assume words with heiko occurrences
but relatively low individual
occurrences to have seen that medical
relations because they tend to occur
together and they don't view they occur
alone note that the paradigmatic
relation and thus in that medical
relation are actually closely related in
that paradigmatically related words tend
to have seen that medical relation with
the same word they tend to be associated
with the same word and that suggests
that we can also to join the discovery
of the two relations so these general
ideas can be implemented in many
different ways
and the course won't cover all of them
but we'll cover administer some of the
methods that are effective for
discovering these relations